Improve documentation for the TLS  section of the provider connection. (#5437)
containous/traefik: docs/content/middlewares/forwardauth.md

#### `tls.ca`

> Certificate Authority used for the connection to the authentication server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Certificate Authority used for the secured connection to the authentication server.
```

#### `tls.caOptional`

> The policy followed by the server for TLS Client Authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Policy used for the secured connection with TLS Client Authentication to the authentication server.
```

Reviewer: - Stay coherent with the other sentences (removing the `The` at the beginning)
- Clarify what "server" is

> Only used if `tls.ca` is defined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Requires `tls.ca` to be defined.
```

> - `true`: VerifyClientCertIfGiven

Reviewer: Do we have a reference to what `VerifyClientCertIfGiven` is?

Author: nope

> - `false`: RequireAndVerifyClientCert

Reviewer: Do we have a reference to what `RequireAndVerifyClientCert ` is?

Author: nope

> - if `tls.ca` is undefined NoClientCert

Reviewer: Do we have a reference to what `NoClientCert` is?

#### `tls.cert`

> Public certificate used for the connection to the authentication server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Public certificate used for the secured connection to the authentication server.
```

#### `tls.key`

> Private certificate used for the connection to Docker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Private certificate used for the secure connection to the authentication server.
```

Reviewer: Not sure why `Docker` here: assuming this come from copy and paste?

#### `tls.insecureSkipVerify`

> If `insecureSkipVerify` is `true`, TLS for the connection to authentication server accepts any certificate presented by the server and any host name in that certificate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Policy for certificate verification for the secured connection to the authentication server.

If `insecureSkipVerify` is `true`, Traefik accepts any certificate presented by the authentication server and any host name in that certificate.
```

Author: It's not related to Traefik, but to auth server.
